Fixing the lint (#4769)
dotnet/samples: core/tutorials/buggyamb/Docs/quick_tour.md

### Random HTTP 404 and HTTP 500 errors

> If you click `Not Found` you will see this most of the times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you click `Not Found`, you'll see this most of the time:
```

![BuggyAmb Unhandled Exception](Images/browser_problem_notfound_OK.png)

> However if you keep clicking the same link (or use "Load Generator" to send multiple requests to the `Not Found` page) you will see that it will respond with HTTP 404 or HTTP 500 erros intermittently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you keep clicking the same link (or use "Load Generator" to send multiple requests to the `Not Found` page), you will see that it will respond with HTTP 404 or HTTP 500 errors intermittently:
```
